God the silence is so fucking loud. Theres no music anymore. No music no tempo. No tempo, time blurs. 
If time starts to blur you are stagnant. Stagnant = death. 

Everywhere else water is flowing. To be stagnant is equivalent to be dead. 

God I dont even know anymore. I dont even know what it all fucking means. 

Goddamn this shit is hard. Silence means I must face my problems. I choose the problems I face.




How is it that  fred keep pushign FUCKIGN revisions? the only way is how can i 
engineeriit in a way that it discredits releases and averages it with known values with confidence score. 


Dont do the confidcence score jsut do kalman. 


MY fucking god Im starting to see stuff. IM starting to see demons. Creepy. 


ALright Commodtitties. 

HMUZ 4 quarters. Fat fingers? idk jsut a fuck ton of people with classes and a snobbery to keep other people out. 

ITs really notthat fucking hard. Its just options surface. Why does everybosy say its so hard. 

Polygon does fucking have, it so we must resort to ibrk. I dont think i can fully understand it tonight. 


so youre saying instead of jsut purely predicting what thefuiture action is, we need to 
first view the market and understand why there are "illgociaol, contradicting our predition" 
race its possibilites up the causual dag and try to find an explanaiton, and then reevaluate 
whether they are right or if we are right?


2014 
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1002/9781118871782.oth2
F January
G February
H March
J April
K May
M June
N July
Q August
U September
V October
X November
Z December


GC Gold COMEX GJMQVZ
HG/CP Copper COMEX FGHJKMNQUVXZ then HKNUZ
PL Platinum NYMEX FJNV
SI Silver COMEX HKNUZ

this shit gives me aids.

huzz? naw hmuz. Both will leave u broke and confused. But hmuz is like a hoe, you aint the only retard
retarded enough to truzz a hoe. 

Who the fuck buys platinum? Who the fuck buys silver. 

Jewelry should only be made from precious but not industrially usable metals. 
Like gold, silver should onyl be used for tech like computer chips or medical tools. 

But really who the fuck buys platinum commodities. 


HG and CP means coppe. 
Where the fuck is the H or G in copper. dude just use CP or CU. actually these finance dudes are mentally problematic. 

"Yeah so we chose HMUZ because fat fingers, so we avoid O, or I because number confusion"
Silver (SI): ...


any ways gc for gold hg for copper plat, 

anyways tbh we dont have to worry about weather or supply chain shocks-
as long as the big commodity players do their job, it should instantly be 
reflected in the futures price. so by assuming the big players do their job,
we technically have a weather scanner. this can be added as another feature:
layer 11: weather. but not today, not in the foreseeable near future. 

Tbh without black people we would never had blues. This shit is some of the best music in human history. 
Theres this one guy who insisted on uhh r&b and other rock shit. I though he had taste. No. 
The uhh you know the guys who wrong apolcopayse: Ciggys after sex. No. This is lazy songwriting. 
Its like this guy went flaccid after 2 pumps and the girl left sadge. 

Blues is god fucking damn this shit hits hard- some could say this 


cl crude oil - for plastics and stuff
ho heating oil
hu ur unleaded gas where the fuck is h coming from 

People dont fucking change. I dont change either. i guess ill be stuck


co brent crude XD where the fuck is brent bro. 


ng naruto gas
rb rbob gasoline- okay whaeteer

QL central appaclachian coal 
QS gas oil idk man where the fuck is the correlation im trying my fucking hardest to 
understand how everything is correlated. it jsut seems crude light came first and everybody else ran out of space.

ab western barly - i dont even care aenymore
bo soybean

c contract
kw kansas weather souteast 
mw minaapolis whaeat  minnesota noerthwest
O Operates
rr rouch reprouciblers canola
s soybeans

soybean meal sma
w whweat


cc Cocoa 
cj cocoa  
ct cotton 
tt cotton  

jo orange 
KC coffee
KT coffee
RC coffee
LB 

exchanges matter 



If it works then shut up
dont give out your inputs and outputs. 


Dont let anybody see you in the market. 
ΔP=λ⋅(x+u) kyles lambda




PIN (Probability of Informed Trading)
Toxic Order Flow
PIN=​αμ​ / (αμ+ϵb​+ϵs)





1. The "Enter Without a Trace" Advantage

For a $10 billion fund, buying a 5% stake in a company is a weeks-long military operation. For a $20 million fund, it’s a single mouse click.

    Large Fund Problem: They have to "slice" their order into 10,000 tiny pieces to avoid spiking the price. This creates Delay Cost—by the time they finish buying, the price has often already moved 5% against them.

    Small Fund Freedom: You can achieve Instant Execution. If you see a "Nuclear Alarm" signal, you can enter your full position at the current price before the rest of the market even wakes up. You get the "Arrival Price," while the big guys get the "Average Price."

2. The "Niche Alpha" Access

There is a whole universe of stocks that large funds are mathematically forbidden from trading.

    The Liquidity Floor: If a stock only trades $1 million in volume a day, a large fund can't touch it because they would become the entire market.

    The Small Fund Edge: You can trade in these "inefficient" corners of the market (Micro-caps, obscure commodities, or niche ETFs). Because no big quants are there to "arbitrage" the price, the alpha is much fatter and decays much slower.



doesnt this mean that SPy 500  chooses 15 bil caps and only adds or reduces comapnies from its basket once every year or every 6 months
not because they are selective, but because "entering a comapny" state takes so long that they are forced to have a cooldown before every decision. 
So theoretically you can detect them before they release the lsit to the public and profit from their public release.
Of course it will be goddamn hard, but with time series lasso regression and decoupling you should theoretically find them over the course 
of a month. 


sectors are imporant if a data company is up 5%  while everyboedy else is down, they might be the contender to be listed. 
deep OTM calls means somebody knows something. 50 hedge funds entier stock trigger by lasso regression they know something you dont. 


Man now I feel bad for the SPY500 straight up they cannot do anything without getting shat on by hedge funds. I thopught their job was easy. 
I used to hate these guys because they dont publish their baskets, when now i realized they CANT publish their weights. 
THe moment  they publish their weights theyre entire business model fails- not jsut their business modle, they literally jsut fail. 

Newfound respect for everybody that works at standards and poors. 

Xd im a fucking parasite. Im no better than the hedge funds. But you know no arbitrage in finance. If i dont do it someone else will, 
so  i might as well do it. 

Im starting to see the market as a ecosystem. predator (hedge funds), prey (passive etf/ predictable investors) and all the other intermediate
prey/predators  and plumbing/physics/tax (citadel and HFTs dont let you buy 50 million in shares instantly without penalty)

its time to move up the food chain from a prey to parasite.

Im about to naturally select. 









man im fucking dying in this game. im getinng cockblocked from my potential by the god fucking damn paywalls. If there
were no paywalls in life i can be just as successful as those fuckign ivy league fin bros. 



Im tired boss. Im tired of this war. they ahve better data, better drugs, better systems, better math, better liquidity. 

No we keep fighting. Fuck the futures we use etfs to substitute. 



isdnt this good? to have etfs be vultnerable to contango and backwardation means that we dont have to find the actual 
contract to compute the cost to carry, 
instead we rely on the index algorithm to first stay on top of the news and activelyt prune their positions 



We swap to etfs on manageing the commodities. 
Total Return=Spot Price Return+Roll Yield+Collateral Return


Causal Signal=Spot Price−ETF Price you can verify the immdiate causual relationship spot price is updated monthly on fred, but not all 
series are offered by fred. 


am i weak in a sense because i cannot survive without the etfs no. 

If i had to compute the commodities I will, but right now i dont need to im being pragmatic. 

so current is spetember supply chain shocks the contracts for october soy goes up, does the etf relflect that? 
in other words is it only the front month or weight avg of the next 7 months 

man this is like ancient chinese feudal gambling house. 
"dont win too much, dont play the games with the big boys, only play games you win by proabbility"

fuck me maybe feudalism is what every fucking human civilization ends up as. 

Im so done i want to plan my exit already. just go home and farm my crabs. and buy actual soybean futures inst ead of etf. 


more strieks ! = better more strike = more liquid, or in other terms "spread too thin" nobody trading stocka 225.5090542




GC Gold COMEX GJMQVZ
HG/CP Copper COMEX FGHJKMNQUVXZ then HKNUZ
PL Platinum NYMEX FJNV
SI Silver COMEX HKNUZ

cl crude oil - for plastics and stuff texas
ho heating oil
hu ur unleaded gas where the fuck is h coming from 


co brent crude international 


ng naruto gas
rb rbob gasoline- okay whaeteer

QL central appaclachian coal 
QS gas oil idk man where the fuck is the correlation im trying my fucking hardest to 
understand how everything is correlated. it jsut seems crude light came first and everybody else ran out of space.

ab western barly - i dont even care aenymore
bo soybean

c contract
kw kansas weather souteast 
mw minaapolis whaeat  minnesota noerthwest
O Operates
rr rouch reprouciblers canola
s soybeans

soybean meal sma
w whweat


cc Cocoa 
cj cocoa  
ct cotton 
tt cotton  

jo orange 
KC coffee
KT coffee
RC coffee
LB lumba
SB suga
yo suga 

da milk
fc feeder cattle
lc live cattle 

lh lean hogs 
pb pork bellies ? crass what about pork shoulder 

cer cer emmission 

eua eua emissions how does one buiy an emission. 
Container Freight Futures

Urea


Potash
Iron Ore
lithium 
cobalt
titanium
aluminium
Neodymium what the fuck is this nvm i dont care
Praseodymium what the fuck is this nvm i dont care
Gallium
Germanium
Neon Gas
Zinc   What is this box made of Deep? zinc homelander. And what can't i see through deep? ... Zinc. Correct Again!
 Nickel


Shanghai Containerized Freight Index
DXY


SOFR
EURO

then spread these puppies by exhcange like how i spread yo mommas legs, and we are doing spectacularly. 


 this would mean i need to get the sectr specific indices as well, and while im there i might as well get the 
 country indices as well am i wrong



so the oerder of oeprations was wrong, i shouldve done commodities then indices 


Ingest: Pull your 5,000 raw series (ETFs, Commodities, Indices).

Embed: Use a pre-trained TimesFM or LENS model to turn each series into a 512-dimension vector.

Cluster: Use HDBSCAN or k-Graph to find the "Natural Sectors." (This replaces your manual blacklist/whitelist).

Causal Discovery: Run the Approximate VarLiNGAM on the cluster medoids to find the "Lead-Lag" hierarchy.