dont upset quotes. 
They have feelings too. 
upsert quotes instead, and maybe you'll get to second base after. 


jesus christ- my brian is being torn open- bro this is another painful fuckign pill to swallow

Indices.
there were nights where I though volatility surface was the coolest and hardest thing on the planet. Nope and nope by a long fucking shot 


Heres the gameplan: 

screen for all possible indices tickers, 
filter for top .95 (alpha) cum total AUM. get that whitelsit, fill with price, volume and companies in basket over time. 



Clearly polygon has different fucking teams for each of their data sections. ANd im fuckign doing it all fuck my life. 

I miss being in love. I miss haveing a conversation with her. I dont care about anything else. I would give anything for that again. 
But I cant. Economically that is an infinite cost. Its a economic impossibility. Also I think in fucking probabilities and cost
benefit analysis i dont even make sense to other people. 

At the end of the day im just another glorified monkey crying about some numbers on a spreadsheet. 

Im tired of being impressive or ambitious. "This is an ambitous project for an undergraduate student" Im tired. I want to be 
exceptional. Any delusional bum can have big dreams. I want to blow everyones hats off "how in hell did he build that shit
in his bedroom? With what resources? He wasn't even rich. What the fuck has this world gone to? " This is not ambitious for me, 
there's a time limit to ambitious. You are ambitious in the first 3 months. THen it jsut becomes normal for you. It must be, or 
its just insulting. 


Imagine if I build a self healing database. Wouldn't that be something. Self- healing transformer is cool, but self-healing database? Sounds too 
good to be true. "how the fuck did he build that in his bedroom?" "idk ask god. Maybe god blessed him"

God did not fucking bless me. God made me a cripple and gave me eyes and a spot in the marathon. Evberyone else is taking off at light speed,
and I'm crawling at the starting line. If god was merciful eh would've blessed me with blindness to avoid the shame in being crippled. 
I am cripped from the brain, im not a smart man, but it wouldve jsut been nice if god added like 20-30 more IQ to my brain. Or if he blessed me with a 
hail mary job that pays 100k out of college. Blessing me with a rich childhood or good looks wouldve been ok too- But no. Nope. L god.




Anyways back to indices. Those dogshit developers CANT THINK OF A SINGLE WAY TO HAVE THE SAME FORMATTING FFOR ALL OF YOUE ND POINTS. WHATS THE POINT OF A 
API ENDPOINT IF YOU CANNOT FUCKING MAKE IT EASY TO USE. God it actually might be easier to aprse spy500's itself website pdfs. Fuck polygon and their devs. 



To pursue education for the certificate is equivalent of setting up to fail. I suspect this is why many monk apprentices fail in ascending to 
monk. They seek the badge where the true monk-ed-ness comes from seeking the path to endurance in itself. Sin, Pleasure is all okay as 
long as it is always disciplined by the hunger of the soul.  To seek answers, to seek meaning. An education as a means to an end, not 
an end despite the means. With the end not just elevation or qualification- but rather the hunger for enlightenment is so strong that
no amount of grain, meat, or wine can satisfy. 

I woke one morning and god whispered in my ear: "You need to build this machine." And he gave me no timber, no tools, no muscles, nor men. 
All I had was my commandment and hunger for knowledge and completion. In a sense I am not worthy of monk-ed-ness because I seek completion:
not purely driven by the means to understand it in itself- just circumstances forces me to understand all of it through and through. 

But I had bought the timber, crafted my tools, built my muscle and hired the men. All there is left is the machine. I paid with my time and 
my soul- both cheap considering my time was cheap and my personality eccentric. All to build God's machine with none of his blessings. 

A monk fasted in a cave for 7 days and 7 nights. On the 7th day, he reached enlightenment. 



Am I approaching enlightenment or insanity?



something about uhhhh get the companies inside SPY in um timer series. Get the absket time series not sjut the price in itself, which is much harder to do.

I fear that I fear. 








stop being paralyszed move then you get more data. to move more is to know more. 



