Delisting isn't a surprise. Major exchanges (NYSE/NASDAQ) have clear rules (like the $1.00 Minimum Bid Price).

    The Strategy: You look for companies that have been under $1.00 for 150 days. They usually get a 180-day "grace period."

    The Trade: You short them at day 170, betting that the "Deficiency Notice" or the actual move to OTC will cause a forced liquidation by institutional holders (who aren't allowed to own OTC stocks).



downside short selling need to pay borrow cost s which can eat 100% profeitrs if not settled within aroudn 6 months. buy back at otc using kyles lambda although risky. 


How to turn your script into a full Monte Carlo

To move from "Random Sampling" to "Monte Carlo Simulation," you would wrap your __main__ logic in a loop (or use a shell script) to run this ingestion 100 times with a different random.seed().

The Quant Goal:

    If in 950 out of 1,000 random universes, your "Short-to-Delist" strategy makes money, you have Statistical Significance.

    If it only works in 50 out of 1,000, you just got lucky with your first sample, and the strategy is "noise."


well the answer is stop shorting shit that can get pumped, short shit that CANNOT get pumped liek a 15 B company during hawkeish era. 
Dont short to bust, short only for macro based correction.

Retards short a penny stock and think they wont get squeezed. 




Now i fucking understand. I see it now. on the 7th day, god approximated 63 business day quarter into timedelta 3months


alas, the first life crawled out of the fucking soup of no common rules.


finance bros are the equivalent of astology bitches. "NVDA to the MOON" is the same as "youre such a taurus!"




-- SELECT 
--     id, 
--     ticker, 
--     composite_figi, 
--     name, 
--     cik, 
--     active 
-- FROM instruments 
-- WHERE ticker = 'CCIV';

SELECT 
    i.ticker,
    i.composite_figi,
    um.entry_date,
    um.exit_date,
    um.seed_id
FROM universe_membership um
JOIN instruments i ON um.instrument_id = i.id
WHERE i.ticker = 'AAPL'
ORDER BY um.entry_date;


