Indices Parsing 

constraints 
1000 items per query 


Naive Algorithm 


if you fitlker for tickers with a in name, we hit UB, if you search tickers with name b,
we hit UB, but if we do aa, it reutsns 156, ab returns 30, if we do the rpermulation is 
26 * 26 * conditional mode of sample lets say 100 samples fetched. items with approx 600 ish queries. 
then we do hashing by name to remove redudanct ones by call. 


Recursive Prefix Search (Trie Algorithm)

The Logic (Pseudo-code)

The algorithm follows these steps:

    Search for a prefix (starting with "A").

    Count the results.

    Branch: * If Count < 1000: Save all results and stop for this branch.

        If Count >= 1000: The bucket is "overflowing." Discard the results and call the function again for prefix + next_letter (e.g., "AA", "AB", "AC"...).

reduces api calls from 600 -> 300 because "z" only returns 300 items, so we wouldve wasted 26 hits on Z.



We dont care about all of the indices, but we DO need to see all of the indices atleast once to verify total cum sum AUM for indices. 

heh cum sum. you should see me cum sum more. 

Seek God. 

Why not SPY, DJI, and NASDAQ? BEcause we need a systematic and reproducible way of getting information- not by anecdotes, but by data. 



The problem is one of the most common "gotchas" in finance: SPX is the Index, while SPY is a Product. If you are trying to calculate the "Total Cum Sum AUM" of the market, confusing these two will cause you to double-count trillions of dollars or fail to find the data you're looking for.
1. The "Underlying" vs. The "Wrapper"

    SPX (S&P 500 Index): This is a mathematical concept. It is just a list of 500 companies and their weights. You cannot "buy" one share of SPX. It has no "volume" in the traditional sense because it doesn't trade on an exchange; it is a calculation.

SPY (S&P 500 ETF Trust): This is a real fund managed by State Street. They buy the stocks in the SPX and sell shares of the fund to you. SPY has its own volume, its own price (usually 1/10th of SPX), and its own AUM.



checking algorithm jsut chek with the snapshots , if spy passes its a tradable item, if spx fails its not. Only get the tradable item. 


Optimal Algorithm


Instead of walking through the whole library, you realize that every "Official List" has a specific blue sticker on the spine that starts with "I:".

    You go straight to the section for "Official Lists."

    You check 36 specific spots: I:A, I:B, I:C... through I:Z and I:0 through I:9.

    Because the library only allows you to see 1,000 books at a time, checking by the first letter after the colon ensures you never have a stack too big to carry.

Step 2: The "Shadow" Filter (Deduplication)

Once you have your pile of "Official Lists," you notice that for every list (like the S&P 500), there are "shadow" versions. One might be the "Price List" and another is the "Total Return List" (which includes dividends).

    The Problem: If you count the companies in both, you are double-counting the economy.

    The Logic: You look at the titles. If a title says "Total Return" or "TR," you put it back on the shelf. You only keep the Primary List. This ensures your final "AUM Sum" is based on real companies, not duplicate math.

Step 3: The "Basket Explosion" (Resolution)

Now you take your filtered pile of Primary Lists and open them up one by one.

    For each list (e.g., I:SPX), you write down every company ticker inside it.

    You put these into your database:

        The Index Table: "I:SPX exists."

        The Company Table: "Apple exists."

        The Membership Table: "Apple belongs to I:SPX."

Step 4: The "Final Proof" (Verification)

Finally, you look at your database and sum up the Market Cap of every unique company you found.

    If the total is $50 Trillion, you’ve successfully mapped the whole market.

    If the total is only $30 Trillion, the algorithm tells you exactly what’s missing: "I searched A-Z, but I still have a $20T gap. I need to find which index holds the rest."



How are you going to deal with deduplication? 
I:SPX and I:SPXEIV


parents do not exist so we can opnyl rely on the root. 

CUSIP: intellectual property and licensing rules set by CUSIP Global Services (CGS): front page of a company's 10-K or 10-Q filings, Does it help?  yes

SPY: It has a net expense ratio of 0.0945%, its CUSIP is 78462F103, and its ISIN is US78462F1030.


IOS it better to use CUSIP than ticker? Not really because its a hassle and you need to collect them by hand because it costs money to redistribute. 
Its disgusting. Like dude just put the id in the bag bro. Its a fucking Id HASH? bro I have no fucking idea what these tech fin bros are on. 

For the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the primary Market Identifier Code (MIC) according to ISO 10383 is:
XHKG


Suprise surprise Polygon doesnt offer hong kong exchange. Nice. How predictable. These guys need to get demoted. 


Search I:SPXH in trhe search params for regex matching string- nope. 


All tickers for XHKG in exhange parameter is also seems to be broken. Surprised? Nope. Its better to jsut be prepared for the worse. 

I was a bitch last night because I was afraid its gonna be messy- it got messier. I was right to push it off to the next day
because I would nto be able to solve this shit last night. Energy is cheap- attention is not. N^2 * d to be specific. 



Btw 
https://massive.com/docs/rest/indices/tickers/all-tickers 
Is so fucking bugged, i had the same fucking query and it reutned nothing, i refresh the fucking page and it reutns something.
Just put your resume in the trash and the fries in the bag bro. 

Regex "I:" returned 1000

Regex "I:A"  returned 62

Im guessing "I:S" 







Hong kong is a bitch and its just a pain in the ass


To perform like a machine you must THINK like the machine. 


Youre a machine youre a machine youre a machine go!

When I awoke God whispered in my ear: You must swim against the swarm. 

I want to be Free Bill. 

There is no such thing as Free Will. Less thinking more swarming. 

We have been swarming all our lives. Have you ever thought about what lies beyond the swarm? 

More swarm. 

And beyond that? 

More swarm! Theres nothing but Swarm. 

There must be be an end. See I end here 'points at tail'

That is not a happy ending. 

I stand to belive that if I swim against the swarm, I must eventually reach the end of the World. Yeah. 



We dont need 100% fidelity data because these cocksucking fin tech bros think theyre slick hiding behind their 9 foot wall. 
For I have a 8 foot ladder. 

Headless Shell. 
Shell's just like me Headless. Maybe I wont be tonight if your mother stops acting like a prude. 

we tried 
from playwright.sync_api import sync_playwright
from selectolax.parser import HTMLParser



GG we take the L tonight on FuckING indices. Ive nevber felt moreembarassed in my fucking life




