

GC Gold COMEX GJMQVZ
HG/CP Copper COMEX FGHJKMNQUVXZ then HKNUZ
PL Platinum NYMEX FJNV
SI Silver COMEX HKNUZ

cl crude oil - for plastics and stuff texas
ho heating oil
hu ur unleaded gas where the fuck is h coming from 


co brent crude international 


ng naruto gas
rb rbob gasoline- okay whaeteer

QL central appaclachian coal 
QS gas oil idk man where the fuck is the correlation im trying my fucking hardest to 
understand how everything is correlated. it jsut seems crude light came first and everybody else ran out of space.

ab western barly - i dont even care aenymore
bo soybean

c contract
kw kansas weather souteast 
mw minaapolis whaeat  minnesota noerthwest
O Operates
rr rouch reprouciblers canola
s soybeans

soybean meal sma
w whweat


cc Cocoa 
cj cocoa  
ct cotton 
tt cotton  

jo orange 
KC coffee
KT coffee
RC coffee
LB lumba
SB suga
yo suga 

da milk
fc feeder cattle
lc live cattle 

lh lean hogs 
pb pork bellies ? crass what about pork shoulder 

cer cer emmission 

eua eua emissions how does one buiy an emission. 
Container Freight Futures

Urea    okay pissy boy. we got piss boy over here. 




Potash
Iron Ore
lithium 
cobalt
titanium
aluminium
Neodymium what the fuck is this nvm i dont care
Praseodymium what the fuck is this nvm i dont care
Gallium
Germanium
Neon Gas
Zinc   What is this box made of Deep? zinc homelander. And what can't i see through deep? ... Zinc. Correct Again!
 Nickel


Shanghai Containerized Freight Index
DXY


SOFR
EURO

then spread these puppies by exhcange like how i spread yo mommas legs, and we are doing both spectacularly. 


 this would mean i need to get the sectr specific indices as well, and while im there i might as well get the 
 country indices as well am i wrong



so the oerder of oeprations was wrong, i shouldve done commodities then indices 


Ingest: Pull your 5,000 raw series (ETFs, Commodities, Indices).

Embed: Use a pre-trained TimesFM or LENS model to turn each series into a 512-dimension vector.

Cluster: Use HDBSCAN or k-Graph to find the "Natural Sectors." (This replaces your manual blacklist/whitelist).

Causal Discovery: Run the Approximate VarLiNGAM on the cluster medoids to find the "Lead-Lag" hierarchy.


we cant jsut nuke a fucking index jsut because it has low trade volume in it sproxy. jkust because a matehematical formula exists without a proxy
doesnt mean its not useful. Im trying to design a fucking policy where i dont evben know what the ideal output should look like fml. 

so what youre saying is that we should nuke every singel mathematical formula because surviorship bias because they dont offer
poitn in time valuation.

that jsut seems like a fucking crime. to offer indices but not the point in time indices 

nuke everything that doesnt have 15 year history- otheriwse its backfilled bullshit. 

my eyes can barely open anymore. 



im throwing out everything at this fucking point gfuck my life fuck fuck fuck my life. 


The moat against bedroom quants is actually survivorship bias- not the paywall. I dont realyl see how anyone can see survivorship bias in a matehematicla formulae, but I do. 
ITs cheap to computer the current weight and backfill the current weight- its very expensive to keep track of weights over time. 
Economically most datacenters would jsut serve us backfilled trash fromujlae, only if theres a proxy we can verify. 

Thus the key to winning? Find the proxies. Lose the formulae. 


what about like tlithium etfs did he accoutn for those? yes there surviviroship bias, 
but those drive comoditiy prices, if you dont have commodity specificc proxies you lose 
everything, you might as well jsut swap out for the mathematical formula of specific industries 


something something etf calculation 

We swap to etfs on manageing the commodities. 
Total Return=Spot Price Return+Roll Yield+Collateral Return

so if you track a etf tracking the commoditiy only then iot could work? no company specific surviorship bias. 




Everybody wants to lie, if you want truth you must make lying cost more than truth. 




GG we lost again to commodiites and indices. I guess im not as genius as i thought. 







