Thus the key to winning? Find the proxies. Lose the formulae. 


what about like tlithium etfs did he accoutn for those? yes there surviviroship bias, 
but those drive comoditiy prices, if you dont have commodity specificc proxies you lose 
everything, you might as well jsut swap out for the mathematical formula of specific industries 


something something etf calculation 

We swap to etfs on manageing the commodities. 
Total Return=Spot Price Return+Roll Yield+Collateral Return

so if you track a etf tracking the commoditiy only then iot could work? no company specific surviorship bias. 


Everybody wants to lie, if you want truth you must make lying cost more than truth. 


search SPY in the query we get SPY in the 5th response. 

Search standard poor we got the 


ooh type
SPAC shell corp to raiase money and merge with another company- this is definitely as a tax loophole. 
whos the brown guy that Chamath Palihapitiya guy. SPACs. bros a fraud through and through.
Not saying he isnt a genius- he is. but goddamn every word that comes out of his mouth is pure propaganda. 




cs  common stock "think apple"                      no backfill risk
adrc common foreign stock think toyota or alibaba   minor risk foregin stock
adrp preferred foreign stock                        minor risk 
adrr roghst assc with ADR                           minor risk 
unit usual a bundle ina  spca. one common stock and a frac of a warrant   risky for backfill bullshit
right  shortter than warrant still a contract 
pfd  preferred strock. fxd divident 
fund closed end fund or mut fund
SP special purpose a "chamath"
WARRANT a derivative gives right to buy asset at 
index  matehmatal formuae
etf bastket of assets proxy SPY                     minor risk for backfill
etn exchange traded note (bond  that tracks an index, but with bank credit risk ) risky for backfill bullshit
os      foreign common shares  get them out. 
gdr                         foreign stock in londor or luxemborg
other       AALNS (Arrived Homes 4 Allen) is literally a house located at some address in a suburb (probably Allen, Texas). 
who in their right mind would put their house on the market.... Who- what  the fuck is this clown ass move. 
nyrs                        foregin but only dutch or german companies
agen    devt ussyed by gov enterpriace 
eqlk    quity lined complted strucutred prods
bond  fxd income debt


shit i care absolutely

CS 
etf 
adrc


at this fucking point im removing the pyrite, and im realizing theres so much pyrite. The markets jsut like me pyrite witha  hope of gold. 


you are only ready to launch if you are ready to introduce new variables to your graph on the fly. Difficult yes, 
but thats the onyl way to ensure that its not 5050 break work. 

we dont even care about sectors or sector roots anymore. theyre all bullshit math formulae. 

jsut get the proxies with tradeable shit.


i think the first stop is to not be afraid of the 9k tickers
we edned up with 6k validated from the sieve validtor policy script

is the only to prevent survivorship bias to have point in time database constructiopn?
no i could do it,  its jsut this seems god fucking pain in the ass


the second step is to not be afraid of comapny mergers, in fact they are the perfect case study hidden in the sea of data

and this is all for Common stock fuck me. 

im going to fucking kill myself i cant just backtest on common stock, we will be accidentally selecting all the winnders. 

God fucking damn chamath i fucking hate that guy. 

we cant jsut throw the fucking shit away. the 3k dead tickers are evidence of surviroship bias. 
To ignore them is a cardinal and knowing sin of the highest order. 
To ignore them means we are no better than chamath.


THE TRADBLE PROXY HAS .75 FEE BRO. IM SO FUCKING DONE. BRO HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GET THE FUCKING- no. calm down. 
all proxies must be lte 1%. otherwise the market will deem them unnecessary with a substitute. 

Thus we can safely asssume that all indices get 1% mgmt fee per year drag down. (might not work but who the fuckcares its 1% its not going 
to rbeak anything )


anyways etf for specific commodities like lithium actually its good to have "company-specific survivorship bias." because if a lithium company 
gets fried because they were using child labor, but lithiukm prices are up, its good to have surviroship bias. we are abctually using this
specific property that fucks us in the ass 99% iof the time but int his 1% its a nice bonus. 


im breaking the fuck down bro. 

I stare into the abyss of trash, how can the smartest minds in human history accumulate this much debt?
I turn away ashamed of the shortcomings of the best among us, only to be faced with a bigger heap of trash.


spy500 is high returns because its selection bias, not survivorship bias, 
the historical performance is wrong because of surviorship bias, but really its selecting the
 companies that the giovernment are more liekly to bail out or give tax incentives, so your 12% 
 gurantee is not money comoping from nowhere its actually the governemnt cutting benefits from 
 everybody to put into their blue chip babies- and in fact it should be even higher but you have 
 big ass hedge funds front running the index that is eating atleast 1% of the 12% so realisitically 
 the perofrmance should be around 10% in real time and if the hedge funds stop fucking around, it should be 11%. 

