t
TODO FOR ME:

IMMEDIATELY UPSERT THE INDICES 
IMMEDITELY UPSERT THE INDICES QUOTES. 


souith eastt easia and east asian people farm crabs for hundreds of years, 
how is it possible i can ever outcomept theme? 
sure i have cheaper feed analsysis, , aquatic bio-machine management 


5 stage biofilter.


bacteria,  absorb biomasss  Moving Bed Biofilm Reactor (MBBR)
plankton, absorb toxins  Moving Bed Biofilm Reactor (MBBR)

algae, absorb nitrate (needs scooping otu as feed for fish or feed for snails or fertilizer ) Moving Bed Biofilm Reactor (MBBR)

snails, eats plants 

oysters and clams


to lower water treamtm 
and cleanring costs as well as decrease reliance on water source, and covered so no evaporation.   
feed erxtraction culturing with soy, algae decontaminated, market sentiment analysis and harvest 
timing, underwater"skyscraper cells" to prevent cannibalism", water cooking sinks, CO2 HVAC
 and heating management of scaling.


 no  ieam the water source is always flowing, the crabs do not live in their own aquariums, its a big ass aquarieum with rope and 
 
nontoxic PVC strucutrew with clean water introduced at top, and throughtout, and the bad water gets pushed to bottom, where it goes to enxt pieplien, only cost is pmpuing the clean water back up the cycle. 

aquariums style big tank with iondividual cells with positive flow is the key. 
Think of it as a park bench. each crab is on a bench. 

Clean water enters each of the cells uing a clean water vein (non poreous) (high speed), whichs create flow in c aage, the other side of teh cage is the
waste management channel, which push teh water into a sepearate channel. Sure the top crabs get luxury treament but the bottom crabs are not inside
the waste channel so they dont drown in waste either. 


Let the veins be high pressured using gravity usiong a clean pool above. THe clean pool is after the 5 stage biofilter, with the clams.










before the fully purified water enters the crabs tank, manually salt, oxygenate, calcuim and pH and whatnot.

Crank up the oxygen so crabs grow at superspeed, calcium allows the crab to reharder. 

316 Stainless or PVC as strucutre as non toxic to crabs. 


calcualte fricition loss of pumping water. 
. Engineering Calculation: Friction Loss

To see if the "only cost is pumping" claim holds up, you need to calculate the Total Dynamic Head (TDH).
hf​=f⋅DL​⋅2gv2​

    f: Friction factor

    L: Length of pipe

    v: Velocity of water

    D: Diameter of pipe

If your "veins" are too small, your electricity bill for the pumps will eat your profit margins. Aim for low-velocity, high-volume flo



Trash disposalfor collecting crab shells. 

Gridn up the crab shells as part of the feed to supplement magensum calcium. 



Also grind up the shells and whatnot and use chemical treatment to turn them into water soluable chemical states to 
redistributee into water. 



Grind up the algae to grow supporting plants using
the packaged nitrogen the algae accumulted. grind up the plants with soy protein. 


Feed the crabs a 2 stage meal. One with koji soy mix. LEt farm 2 be a smaller organism farm like krill or anchovies 
that pruely eats soy andkoji enhacesd mix let farm 2 use the same filtration operation. 

Then feed the vcrabs a koji soy mix and mix of farm 2 protein. 

ASLways kill   via heat ebfore fermentaion. 



rubber insultation to prevent vibrational impact on crab psyche. 




harvest during Lunar New Year or Mid-Autumn Festival when prices spike 300%.

Doesnt this mean i can jsut oversupply an entire county's groverys tores if my p0rinciple population is 100k crabs?

How will you automate cleaning of the shells?  

document each crab by weight sex and predictive analysis on the molting cyle. 
When crab start to molt or starting to molt, push crab out of apartment into their own hatchery 
W\here crab will hatch and incubate use an probe to push em out, 
use food to bati them back into aparmtment videop detect, close the hatch, flush

collect the shells by unlocking the hatch which uses the wastewater current. 




Triple redundancy, multigenerators a overkill, the 5 biofilters pipelin are treated as one node, have 3 nodes that do not share water. 


After the clams stage, blast UV and kill everything. 

How will you ensure enough oxygen is always distirbuted, none of the machines break, cost of electricity, and prevention of bacterial
parasites, viral infectiosn dont exist? 


